Challenge setup update. (#3)
larics/icuas22_competition: README.md

curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/larics/uav_ros_simulation/main/installation/dependencies/docker.sh | bash
```

## Troubleshooting

* Check ```CHANGELOG.md``` for any new changes added to this project
* ```git pull origin main --rebase``` - in case there are new changes to the challenge repository.
* ```git pull lmark1/uav_ros_simulation:[[DISTRO]]``` - in case the Docker container simulation is not working correctly.
* ```./docker_build --build-args "--no-cache --pull" --[[DISTRO]]``` - in case the Docker container simulation is (still) not working correctly.

> **NOTE** - If the challenge does not setup correctly it is not your fault! Try following the troubleshooting recommendation. If your problem is not resolved please post an issue.

Reviewer: If the challenge does not setup correctly it is probably not your fault! :)

Author: Added keyword probably :sweat_smile:

curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/larics/uav_ros_simulation/main/installation/dependencies/docker.sh | bash
```

## Troubleshooting

Check ```CHANGELOG.md``` for any new changes added to this project.

**NOTE** - If the challenge does not setup correctly it is (probably) not your fault! Components are subject to some changes during the competition so most problems should be solved by updating packages. Try following the troubleshooting recommendation. If the problem persists please post an issue.

### Update this package
In case there are new changes to the challenge repository:
```bash
git pull origin main --rebase
catkin build
```

### Update Docker images
In case the Docker container simulation is not working correctly (e.g. an update happened):
```bash
git pull lmark1/uav_ros_simulation:[[DISTRO]]
```

In case the simulation inside the Docker container is (still) not working correctly:
```bash
./docker_build.sh --build-args "--no-cache --pull" --[[DISTRO]]
```

### Updating native installation

> If your building all the packages natively, navigate to the ```uav_ros_simulation``` folder and do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're building all the packages natively, navigate to the ```uav_ros_simulation``` folder and do the following:
```

## Challenge

More details on the challenge can be found in the competition rulebook http://www.uasconferences.com/2022_icuas/uav-competition-rulebook-and-faq/
0
| ![challenge.png](.fig/challenge.png) | 
|:--:| 
| UAV setup for the ICUAS 2022 challenge. |

* ```challenge_started``` - After ```True``` is published on this topic the challenge is setup correctly and you can safely run your code.
* ```spawn_ball``` - You can manually call this service at any point to reset the ball at the UAV.

> * ```uav_magnet/gain``` - When you want to detach the ball from the magnetic gripper, publish a ```0``` gain on this topic.

Reviewer: Does spawn_ball service reset magnet gain or do we need to manually reset magnet gain before respawning the ball?

Reviewer: @lmark1

Author: I added a note at the end of the challenge segment about the ball spawner service functionality in [d38dd51](https://github.com/larics/icuas22_competition/pull/3/commits/d38dd51e22f03b100328958abcece30544e34cb9).
